sold I would say that my career is kind of a unique over the past eight
years I think I've moved may be four five times and that's I think
that's a unique situation prior to being commission officer I was listed
as a under is made airman for two years in Jacksonville after
our democracy or after applying OCS I'll was you know give an opportunity
to earn my commission which meant I had to move to Rhode Island
I was a are my commission as a naval flight officers so I left Rhode
Island and went to Pensacola I was down in Pensacola for about eight
months in which you know was a try to from flight school for a number
of issues I left when the San Diego for trying to thousand San
Diego six months so after being a San Diego for six months of me every
doesn't it as a slow I live for Japan for twenty months sounds very
twenty months and then my tour in it and then I ended up back in
Jacksonville as a serves warfare office on does Ross there and I was
there for two years after been in Jacksonville for two years left
and now I'm here in California so the roles were a lot different the
demands were a lot different but if you approach it your daily almost
today almost the same it depends on the demands that are set upon
the command and what the commanding officer expects out of his staff
and his ship so a lot of times the commanding officer kind of dictates
how a persons or a a his sailors days ago his or her sailors daily
goals